hey everyone welcome to this video I'm
going to show you in this video
Durango this is a oh seven oh six how do
you open this head up
oh there's where's the pro product right
there okay guys
it has a 4.7 liter Magnum v8 question
was v8 or not first the obviously a v8
um he's got a little crustiness on her
but she is a oh four okay I was close
ish it's got the window flares vinyl
interior not leather third row seat -
nice this one is sold but I'm just gonna
get a quick video of it how do you pause
oh never mind that no not going to touch
that
yeah I guess it needs a new hatch on the
back um there is once again a little
rust here yeah there's a little door
respite that's er a nod so I'm both that
I know who tires could use replacing
there's a good battery in it let's get a
fire it up
it's good rear tires though
running boards yeah
cracked windshield flipped it okay
as gas will not stay running though oh
wait I know the issue is non shift key
chip key okay that makes more sense
all right that's my uh meanest CD player
in here guessing has tow package
all-wheel drive or four-wheel drive
block auto headlights normal lights the
lights or dome light there
it is four degrees Celsius outside today
beautiful day out it was running of it a
few like an hour ago
so it's not really a true cold start but
oh you can turn traction control off on
this thing - how are outlets yeah the
motors and it only has one hundred and
sixty-two thousand kilometers not bad
it has the Infinity audio system which
unfortunately I can't show off to you
guys because youtube doesn't like music
I think it's a terrible it'd be a good
beater like for someone to get for an A
to B vehicle really that's what it's
used as probably at this point but I
don't know I don't know if they got what
the guy bought it for I actually this
styling is actually pretty nice actually
really nice has nice alloy wheels I
think those are 17s mm yep 17-inch rims
I love these girls but the big grill
like that just looks so good um I'll
close up the hood now so really neat it
open wiper is it good power mirrors it
has two huh all right is it I think it
does it make sense to has power
everything else hmm
tow hooks in the front fog lights I
don't know if the true fog lights or not
though but yellow the true fog lights if
they're like yellow yellow not just
normal headlight yellow if they're
normal headlight yellow or white they're
not true fog lights they're actually uh
um they're actually just running lights
or driving lights so yeah that's all
they're maybe I'll see what else I can
get videos for you guys of this one here
I just thought well it's running people
like these truck based things so I
figured let's make a video truck based
things anyways thanks for watching hope
you guys enjoyed this video and hope you
all have a great day